hey what's up guys it's Ali and I've got
a video for you guys and I said that in
the last video I don't care getting
ready so today I decided to talk about
what girls find and try out to be guys
guys you better listen because I got
some tips for you guys I talk to a lot
of my friends and this is what I kind of
found from what girls find attractive
one of the most important things that I
find attractive in a guy is when they
have a really great sense of humor
so when I can talk to the guy and have a
conversation and you just have a lot of
talk about and you don't have to think
about conversation cuz that's honestly
worse or all you shy guys just break
away to talk to her you can do it I
believe in you
another thing I find really attractive
in a guy is when they like to snuggle I
like it when a guy is sensitive and
doesn't care about being super macho all
the time and you can just snuggle and I
don't know it's right here
another thing I find attractive about a
guy is when they wear beanies or hats
just fine guys that in hat wear
attractive I don't know what a days I'll
see you guys on the street and I'll see
a hot guy walking down the street if
he's wearing a beanie how my binoculars
out I'm ready I'll find you the next
thing I find really attractive of a guy
is when they're spontaneous it when a
guy can just get up and be like hey
let's go for a bike ride today or let's
go to the beach each each let's go get
our way let's go on a road trip like
let's do something super spontaneous and
unexpected and let's do it right now
another thing I find really attractive a
guy which kind of goes with the sense of
humor kind of thing it's just when
they're really confident guys listen
confident and cocky are two different
things
confident is when you can go up to a
girl and just have a nice conversation
with her and you're not worried if
she'll say no she might not like you at
first but if you're confident she might
like you after the conversations over
cocky is when the guy is just overly
obsessed with himself or thinks he can
get everyone there's a happy medium you
draw the line
what I also find this really attractive
is when a guy has really good style you
try good you're good just I don't know
just try a really really important thing
for me and what I find really attractive
in a guy is when they're really
passionate about something I don't care
what it is it can be painting it can be
music it can be skating it can be
anything but if you're really passionate
at something and you really really love
something and you want to go somewhere
in life and you really want to pursue
that thing that you love I don't know I
find it really really attractive if I
see someone who's really passionate
about something it shows that they care
and that they want to go somewhere in
life and that they're gonna be somebody
no matter what they want to be I know
that they'll achieve it if they want it
because if you want something I believe
in you I mean if you can play guitar
let's applause - I mean but now we're
just being specific so there you go
there's some of the things that I find
attractive about guys and I hope you
guys got some tips if you just have a
good personality and a girl feels like
she can talk to you and you genuinely
care then you can have any one you want
I'm not that sounds cheesy so if you
like this video you can give it a thumbs
up
if you didn't think it was informative
at all give it a thumbs up if you want
to see this interesting face
subscribe and I'll see you guys next
Thursday
bye because I wear this necklace all the
time it's five chance or better than to
chance
but it'll be helped okay see you later
guys bye